Docs: Expand `getRowHeight()` API ref (#10099)
handsontable/handsontable: docs/content/guides/rows/row-height.md

## Overview

> By default, the height of a row adjusts to the height of the content. The content gets wrapped if it doesn't fit the cell's size. The default (and minimum) row height is 23 px (22 px + 1 px of the row's bottom border).

Reviewer: The first paragraph is inaccurate to the point that it might be misleading. I think that it should say:

```suggestion
Unless configured otherwise, Handsontable assumes that the content of your cells fits in the default row height. The default (and minimum) row height is 23 px (22 px + 1 px of the row's bottom border).
```

Author: @warpech – got it – I'd put it like this then: [c86cb5d](https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/10099/commits/c86cb5d5ba6b26d8b512b6f4c04878ddbbf55c77)

> If your rows have different heights than the default 23 px (because you use multiline text, or [custom renderers](@/guides/cell-functions/cell-renderer.md#), or custom styles), do one of the following:

Reviewer: Maybe we could add a final clarification:

```suggestion
If your rows have different heights than the default 23 px (because you use multiline text, or [custom renderers](@/guides/cell-functions/cell-renderer.md#), or custom styles), Handsontable might have a problem to lay out the grid correctly unless you do one of the following:
```

Author: @warpech – got it – I'd put it like this then: [c86cb5d](https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/10099/commits/c86cb5d5ba6b26d8b512b6f4c04878ddbbf55c77)
